[Music]
[Applause]
just one red
[Music]
[Applause]
my style a little bit of a little Bourne
mix with some Lilu throw a little bit
cloud in there divided by the
square-root of rocks right - all that
Chico you know Sam now let's get started
on learning the fifteenth
[Music]
does Morris everywhere pick
yes nigga I wear pants I'm 29 years old
I never wore pants
something would be wrong with me okay
I'm not wearing pants today but I do
wear
[Music]
we're taking away something away from us
this is a culture this is a lifestyle
and if you're poor this lifestyle of
preserving all it takes this scribble in
your head
everybody's scribbled a hand on this
will help us a frightful job what I like
me to do right now I want you to think
about your dream think about your dream
right now what you think about it and
envision it I don't know what that dream
is that you have I don't care how
far-fetched it might appear to be I
don't care how disappointing it might
have been as you've been working toward
that dream but here's what I know that
that dream that you're holding in your
mind that it's possible see sometimes we
can't say I can do that but what we can
say that it's possible that I can have
my tree as we run toward it as we work
on it day in and day out and most people
don't work on their dreams why they stop
growing they stop working on themselves
they stop stretching they stop pushing
themselves these are not risk-takers
most people have done all that they're
ever going to do they raise a family
they earn a living and then they died
but people will run into what that
dreams life has a special kind of
meaning that in the process of working
on your dreams you are going to incur a
lot of disappointment the matter what
decision goes dancehall a lot of
setbacks a lot of defeats
but in a process of doing that you will
discover some things about yourself that
you don't know right
what you realize is that you love
more than you can ever begin to imagine
what you will realize is that you are
greater than your circumstances